Simon Wang: Well, because some of you are not in class, maybe you will review the video. I will make the video recording available. I don't think I will upload it to YouTube, because in the video, there's actually some personal information. Let me try it, maybe I just give you a link on Zoom or something.
Simon Wang: But anyway, what you need to do today…
Simon Wang: in week three, is to, work on two… task.
Simon Wang: And the first one is right here, which is ModelTask 3.1.
Simon Wang: To learn and reflect.
Simon Wang: And,
Simon Wang: You know, let me kind of take a back… a step back. I want to explain a little bit, you know, my, teaching philosophy, or kind of how I understand learning. So, learning…
Simon Wang: it could be knowledge, right? It could be some new knowledge you gain. But, another way to think about learning is sort of the long-term change in behaviors.
Simon Wang: Right? So it's not just about what you know, it's not about the new information you get from a course, it's more about how your behavior will change after you take a course.
Simon Wang: So, in this case.
Simon Wang: Presumably most of you, when you search for Google, you just do a general search, right?
Simon Wang: But, after today's class, next time when you search Google, you will put this site, then whatever domain, on your search term, and then you will be able to search for a specific site. And that would be a change in behavior.
Simon Wang: Right? And that change… changing behavior will lead to more productivity, right? You will be able to get more precise information from a specific website.
Simon Wang: And hopefully that's useful. That's useful for you as a knowledge worker in whatever task that you're going to work on in future.
Simon Wang: So that's the point, right? That's why we're doing this.
Simon Wang: No.
Simon Wang: I need evidence, right? We all need evidence about the learning outcome. That's why, at some point, you have to write some learning journals to…
Simon Wang: kind of reflect on your learning, and based on my understanding of learning, in your journal entries, you should explain and describe how, in this case, this Google site-specific search would, you know, would change your behavior.
Simon Wang: And how you will become a more productive knowledge worker because of this technique.
Simon Wang: Well, I'm not saying that this technique itself will make a world of difference. It could be just a very tiny thing, right? It's a little thing. But that's a small step towards a more productive life, hopefully.
Simon Wang: So… when you…
Simon Wang: when you reply here, I'm looking for some kind of narrative, not just one line or… a few words.
Simon Wang: But, but, it, it can be a… a case study.
Simon Wang: Right?
Simon Wang: Well, at the very minimum, what you can do is go to your reply, and then try to find that Legislative Council document, which I have already found.
Simon Wang: So… I won't give you the link.
Simon Wang: But you need to go find this document that gives the information
Simon Wang: That provided information about emergency alert system.
Simon Wang: Right? Which I believe should be quite straightforward.
Simon Wang: But I'm talking about here, I'm talking about this… this piece of information.
Simon Wang: So, in order to kind of demonstrate that you have already learned this technique, you need to find this information in the Legislative Council website, and then provide a link.
Simon Wang: Okay? So that's one thing, and then you can very briefly describe how you did that, you know, you go to Google, and you search for emergency alert system, put the quotation marks around emergency alert system, and then site.
Simon Wang: L-E-G-C-O dot GOV dot HK, and then there are, you know, 4 pages of results, and you find that document
Simon Wang: having this information. So that's the practice which I demonstrated in class, and you can try to do it again to replicate what I did.
Simon Wang: Which is to imitate, right? Watch and learn.
Simon Wang: Now, you need to reply that information. I mean, you can copy other people's work, but I want you to try it yourself to experience firsthand.
Simon Wang: But then, you need to apply this technique to your own project.
Simon Wang: Right? So, for example, there's one team working on government vacancies, then you can say, okay, government vacancies, put quotation mark around it, and then maybe app, and then site.
Simon Wang: gov.hk, right? And see if you'll be able to find some information there.
Simon Wang: So you see, government vacancies put collision mark, and then site
Simon Wang: gov.hk, so that's actually a broader, search.
Simon Wang: Okay, so then you will be able to find some…
Simon Wang: pages, actually quite a… quite a number of pages, and see whether you're able to find something. And you can compare this with
Simon Wang: What if you don't have that? Simply government… vacancies, then…
Simon Wang: I think there will be more results, okay?
Simon Wang: And what if you put… Scmp.
Simon Wang: And when you put… Smp, you see there's really not that many pages.
Simon Wang: Right?
Simon Wang: Plus, it's… it's not even necessary about the app, so maybe you put the app here.
Simon Wang: Okay, so you try different, search terms, different sites, and see whether you will find something more useful.
Simon Wang: And once you use this approach to find something useful for your project, then you can write about it in your reply.
Simon Wang: Okay?
Simon Wang: So, you can reply and describe
Simon Wang: You know, how, how this is a good or useful experience for you.
Simon Wang: Later on, I will curate all your replies from the Moodle and give it, all the replies in the file, and then you can use that file to write your reflective learning journals.
Simon Wang: Okay? So, so, everything you write, put in a Moodle, it will become your first draft for your reflective learning journal.
Simon Wang: Okay, if you make more efforts now.
Simon Wang: Your life will be easier later on.
Simon Wang: Okay.
Simon Wang: I hope that makes sense.
Simon Wang: Now, the second task…
Simon Wang: The second task is about, curating public Publicly available information.
Simon Wang: what you need to do is actually to actually go to that Google Docs assigned to your group, right? Every group has got a Google Docs.
Simon Wang: Here.
Simon Wang: So you go to the link, and you start, creating some tables, Right?
Simon Wang: And, it would be useful if you can turn this into…
Simon Wang: some heading, like heading 3. So, why do you want to format it this way? Because once you have the heading.
Simon Wang: Then you will be able to get a link specific
Simon Wang: to this heading. Okay, let me, let me show you.
Simon Wang: Cuz…
Simon Wang: So, for example, here… because…
Simon Wang: Because we have this,
Simon Wang: Heading, you know, it's… it's a, it's a level 4, whatever.
Simon Wang: you see there's a tab here, and there's a heading here. So this URL will…
Simon Wang: We'll lead you strict to this particular A section of the page.
Simon Wang: Okay, so I think that's very useful. Now, once you edited this table, you can put the table… you can put the link in Moodle, and then you can just write a few words and say, I found this piece of information.
Simon Wang: And, I used whatever skills to do that, and more importantly, what insights I have gained from this piece of document.
Simon Wang: Because everybody can do Google search, right? Everybody can find some documents online. What you can learn from this course is how you can start asking critical questions about that piece of information, which then leads you to,
Simon Wang: Ask more questions for the government staff to answer.
Simon Wang: So, which is the next step?
Simon Wang: Okay?
Simon Wang: So, that's why…
Simon Wang: when you work on task number 2 in Moodle here, you need to reflect on the process of critical review.
Simon Wang: dumb…
Simon Wang: you know, publicly available information. But, for now, you can simply follow the instructions here, which is…
Simon Wang: To document what information you have found and what insights you have gained.
Simon Wang: Okay, I think, I think it's pretty…
Simon Wang: Pretty clear in terms of what you need to do.
Simon Wang: If you're not sure, you can wait a bit, you can see how other people are doing things, and then you can, you can learn from them. We can learn from one another.
Simon Wang: Okay?
Simon Wang: So, I hope, it makes sense, and, I will also, start looking at your projects, because…
Simon Wang: you know, obviously I'm more experienced on doing these kind of things. I've been doing these things for many years, so I will give you some suggestions and feedback.
Simon Wang: As you, you know, get more information, first round of information curation, Okay, and yeah.
Simon Wang: So maybe you guys can spend another, I don't know, 5 minutes or 10 minutes working on this, and then I will start talking about AI Agent.
Simon Wang: Which I think, it's, super, super exciting.